[13.0][ADD] account_payment_order_notification: New addon (#965)
OCA/bank-payment: account_payment_order_notification/README.rst

   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fbank--payment-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/bank-payment/tree/13.0/account_payment_order_notification
    :alt: OCA/bank-payment
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/bank-payment-13-0/bank-payment-13-0-account_payment_order_notification
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/173/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

> This module adds a button on debit / payment orders to send an email to related partners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds a button on debit / payment orders to send an email to each related partner with the details of their transactions.
```

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

> #. Go to *Invoicing > Configuration > Payment Modes* and creates a new record as follows:

Reviewer: Don't put fixed data of something not related for the module. Any kind of payment mode serves.

Just put: `create a payment mode in ... `

    * Name: Test from customers
    * Payment method: Manual (inbound)
    * Selectable in Payment Orders: Checked
    * Link to Bank Account: Fixed
    * Fixed Bank Journal: Set any existing journal

#. Go to *Invoicing > Customers > Customers* and creates a new record as follows:
    * Name: Test customer 1
    * Email: customer1@test.com

#. Go to *Invoicing > Customers > Customers* and creates a new record as follows:
    * Name: Test customer 2
    * Email: (empty)

Usage
=====

> #. Go to *Invoicing > Customers > Invoices* and creates a new record as follows:

Reviewer: The same about the irrelevant steps.

    * Customer: Test customer 1
    * Payment mode: Test from customers
    * Invoice lines: Any line

#. Repeat the previous step and create an invoice to "Test customer 2".
#. Go to *Invoicing > Customers > Invoices* select the invoices created and execute the action called "Post entries".
#. Go to *Invoicing > Customers > Invoices* select the invoices created and execute the action called "Add to Payment/Debit Order" and creates a payment order.
#. Click on "Confirm Payments" button.
#. Click on "Send mails" button.

> #. A wizard will be displayed with customers ("Test customer 2" will not have "To send" field checked).

Reviewer: Instead of this, just warn that any involved partner with no email will appear with the column "To send" not checked.
